[EDU-6322] refactor: nodejs compatibility docs (#1563)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/node-polyfills/module.mdx

---
title: Azion Runtime and Node.js API compatibility
description: >-
  Explore the compatibility and integration of Node.js APIs and polyfills with
  the Azion Edge Runtime, enhancing JavaScript execution in edge environments.
permalink: /documentation/products/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/node/module/
meta_tags: >-
  Azion Edge, Node.js compatibility, JavaScript runtime, Node APIs, polyfills,
  Node.js polyfills, runtime APIs, Edge Runtime, edge computing, module
namespace: documentation_products_azion_runtime_node_module
menu_namespace: runtimeMenu
---

> The `module`API in Node.js is a built-in module that provides functionalities for working with JavaScript modules. It is essential for managing the modular structure of Node.js applications, allowing developers to organize code into reusable components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `module` API in Node.js is a built-in module that provides functionalities for working with JavaScript modules. It is essential for managing the modular structure of Node.js applications, allowing developers to organize code into reusable components.
```

```javascript
/**

>  * An Example of using the Node.js Module API in a Azion Edge Function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * An example of using the Node.js Module API in an Azion Edge Function.
```

 * Support:
 * - Partially supported
 * @module runtime-apis/nodejs/module/main
 * @example
 * // Execute with Azion Bundler:
 * npx edge-functions build
 * npx edge-functions dev
 */
import module from "node:module";

/**
 * An example of using the Node.js Module API in a Azion Edge Function.
 * @param {*} event
 * @returns {Promise<Response>}
 */
const main = async (event) => {
  return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    module.builtinModules.forEach((moduleName) => {
      console.log(moduleName);
    });
    resolve(new Response("Done"));
  });
};

export default main;
```

:::note

> The `SourceMap` `_findPath`, `_initPaths`, `_load`, `_nodeModulePaths`, `_preloadModules`, `_resolveFilename`, `_resolveLookupPaths` APIs are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `SourceMap` `_findPath`, `_initPaths`, `_load`, `_nodeModulePaths`, `_preloadModules`, `_resolveFilename`, and `_resolveLookupPaths` APIs aren't supported.
```
